docs: update readme (#13)
sparfenyuk/mcp-proxy: README.md

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Testing](#testing)

## About

The `mcp-proxy` is a tool that lets you switch between server transports. There are two supported modes:

1. stdio to SSE
2. SSE to stdio

## 1. stdio to SSE

Run a proxy server from stdio that connects to a remote SSE server.

This mode allows clients like Claude Desktop to communicate to a remote server over SSE even though it is not supported natively.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A["Claude Desktop"] <--> |stdio| B["mcp-proxy"]
    B <--> |SSE| C["External MCP Server"]

    style A fill:#ffe6f9,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
    style B fill:#e6e6ff,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
    style C fill:#e6ffe6,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
```

### 1.1 Configuration

This mode requires the URL of the SSE server to be set. The `API_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable can be set to pass the access token to the remote server.

Arguments

| Name           | Required                   | Description                               | Example               |
| -------------- | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | --------------------- |

> | command_or_url | Yes, if `SSE_URL` is unset | The MCP server SSE endpoint to connect to | http://example.io/sse |

Reviewer: This is the first mention of `SSE_URL` and it is not mentioned elsewhere. Do you want to also add to the env var list?

Reviewer: Yes, looks great. I was also tempted to make this same change, but didn't want to totally change everything without your permission.

### 2.2 Example usage

To start the `mcp-proxy` server that listens on port 8080 and connects to the local MCP server:

```bash
mcp-proxy --sse-port=8080 -- uvx mcp-server-fetch --user-agent=YourUserAgent
```

This will start an MCP server that can be connected to at `http://127.0.0.1:8080/sse`

## Installation

The stable version of the package is available on the PyPI repository. You can install it using the following command:

```bash
# Option 1: With uv (recommended)
uv tool install mcp-proxy

# Option 2: With pipx (alternative)
pipx install mcp-proxy
```

Once installed, you can run the server using the `mcp-proxy` command. See configuration options for each mode above.

The latest version of the package can be installed from the git repository using the following command:

```bash
uv tool install git+https://github.com/sparfenyuk/mcp-proxy
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you have already installed the server, you can update it using `uv tool upgrade --reinstall` command.

> [!NOTE]
> If you want to delete the server, use the `uv tool uninstall mcp-proxy` command.

## Testing

> Check the `mcp-proxy` server by running it with the `mcp-server-fetch` server. You can use the inspector tool to test the target server.

Reviewer: Perhaps link to inspector

```suggestion
Check the `mcp-proxy` server by running it with the `mcp-server-fetch` server. You can use the [inspector tool](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/tools/inspector) to test the target server.
```

- [mcp-proxy](#mcp-proxy)
  - [About](#about)
  - [1. stdio to SSE](#1-stdio-to-sse)
    - [1.1 Configuration](#11-configuration)
    - [1.2 Example usage](#12-example-usage)
  - [2. SSE to stdio](#2-sse-to-stdio)
    - [2.1 Configuration](#21-configuration)
    - [2.2 Example usage](#22-example-usage)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Command line arguments](#command-line-arguments)
  - [Testing](#testing)

## About

The `mcp-proxy` is a tool that lets you switch between server transports. There are two supported modes:

1. stdio to SSE
2. SSE to stdio

## 1. stdio to SSE

Run a proxy server from stdio that connects to a remote SSE server.

This mode allows clients like Claude Desktop to communicate to a remote server over SSE even though it is not supported natively.

```mermaid
graph LR
    A["Claude Desktop"] <--> |stdio| B["mcp-proxy"]
    B <--> |SSE| C["External MCP Server"]

    style A fill:#ffe6f9,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
    style B fill:#e6e6ff,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
    style C fill:#e6ffe6,stroke:#333,color:black,stroke-width:2px
```

### 1.1 Configuration

> This mode requires the URL of the SSE server to be set. The `API_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable can be set to pass the access token to the remote server.

Reviewer: Let's de-emphasize the authentication header since it is more advanced:

```suggestion
This mode requires passing the URL to the MCP Server SSE endpoint as the first argument to the program.
```
(Also seems pretty clear this will change as soon as the auth spec is added and it may go away entirely)
